my home life was very varied. You could say, um, I grew up with so many
different people with my grandmother from my mother's side and my
grandmother from my father's side, and my mom and my dad and I would
split those four places all over the place. Um, sometimes in Alabama,
which was, um, all black, which it was in an all black community.
Um, e didn't really get along with the kids. You can tell that my speech
is very, very proper. And there they have ah, very Southern, um,
southern heritage. And it kind of clashed. I didn't make fun of a
lot. Um, maybe where you from? You know, you don't speak like us. So,
um, the regular building that everybody gets, um, moving up to Michigan.
I stayed with my my mother, and, uh, that was mawr. That was
more of an urban feel to it, but they we didn't grow up very rich at
that time. You know, there were mice in their home. There was, um,
drugs. I remember, you know, prostitutes in the house. So I didn't
really try to stay home so much, but I really had a good relationship
with my mom and my sister, who cared for me a lot. Um, later on around
high school, high school time I lived, started living with my father,
and it was just him. He didn't really, uh, care too much for
me at the time. He had two jobs, and I could tell he was overworked.
Um, so basically, I stayed at my school and I stayed around. My friends,
uh, that led to us not having a really good relationship. So I
moved out of the house when I was 18. So my my childhood was pretty
interesting, to say the least.